# # Postback

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**eventName** | **string** | The name of the event for which the postback URL will be called |
**url** | **string** | Every click conversion is sent to this URL for accurate tracking and attribution. It should include the Click ID parameter you use when sending traffic to SedoTMP. URL will be called using HTTP GET.  ### Additional Tracking Macros You can dynamically append extra parameters to the postback URL using the following macros. Be aware not all macros are available for all event names, see table below. This allows better tracking of conversions and payouts.  Macro            | Description  | Example | Available for Event Name -----------------|--------------|--------------|----------- {campaign}       |  Campaign ID  | 12345 | all {click_id}       |  Click ID for conversion tracking. Important: attach always the same parameter name to the traffic URL when sending traffic to SedoTMP. | abc123xyz | all {epayout}        |  Estimated payout amount | 0.123 | CLICK {country}        |  2-letter ISO country code | US | all {country_name}   |  Full country name | United States | all {state}          |  State code or name | CA / California | all {city}           |  City name | Los Angeles | all {zip}            |  ZIP/postal code | 90001 | all {os_type}        |  Visitor&#39;s operating system | WINDOWS | all {browser}        |  Visitor&#39;s browser type | CHROME | all {device_type}    |  Device type (Mobile/Desktop) | MOBILE | all {device_brand}   |  Device brand | APPLE | all {subid1},{subid2},{subid3},{subid4},{subid5} | Custom subids that can be passed for additional traffic segmentation | AdSetID, PictureID, etc. | all |
**clickIdParam** | **string** | Used to define a custom parameter name for passing your (or your traffic source) Click ID. This same parameter name must be included in the url when sending traffic to SedoTMP. If you define multiple postbacks the clickIdParam must be the same for all of them. The structure of the postbacks allows to use different clickIdParam per EventName in the future |

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
